c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe.config
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe.config
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe.config
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.exe
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\ConsoleApplication7_2\ConsoleApplication7\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication7.pdb
